Generated descriptions on distilgpt2+finetune:
Ring of Blind Ghosts:   The Darkwraiths.
Black Knight Gauntlets:   The gold-colored trousers were the symbol of a knight.
Knight Gauntlets:   The blue skirt was painted in the dark.
Pale Shade Gloves:   It is said that the golden rings of Havel's Peak were bestowed upon those who ventured out to hunt and kill dragons.
Ornstein's Gauntlets:  Gravel boots are made of reinforced leather and offer high durability.
Pale Pine Resin:  Painted by a woman who was shot to death with the help of her own hand.
Heavy Short Bow:  Great for crossbows and arrows.
Winged Knight Helm:  This golden helm.
Scholar's Shed Skin:  A red-and black pigmentation of the pigment.
Estus Flask:  Flame of a giant snake.
Northern Helm:  A giant boulder of stone, and a large skull resembling an old head that had been buried in the depths for generations.
Follower Javelin:  She was one of the only women to serve in Dragon Age.
Ringed Knight Armor:   Their black leather armor is heavy.
Xanthous Gloves:   These are the only black gloves of this type.
Fire Keeper Skirt:  This black skirt.
Elite Knight Gauntlets:  He is said to have worn the golden cape.
Cinders of a Lord:  He was born into the Abyss, and lived to live on his own with no one else's help but those who followed him.
Alluring Skull:  This hollow skull.
Soul of Slave Knight Gael:  He was the first to be shot down by an enemy.
Heavy Soul Arrow:  Used to hunt down a corpse of an enemy in the vicinity.
Great Heal Excerpt:  The first-hand account of the witch Eowille.
Yorshka's Spear:  The spear is said to have been a giant shield.
Large Soul of a Deserted Corpse:  A small.
Wolf's Blood Swordgrass:  A greatsword with sharp claws, but not quite the size of a sword; perhaps it is due to its thin steel surface and weight.
Pendant: ” /regeneration_plated-cloth+4th ring +3 cloth plateplate.
No Travel Gear / Arms:   Equip a large amount of gear and equip the wearer to battle alongside its own enemies.
Great Chaos Fire Orb:   The first thing to think of as a giant fire orb was the large yellow flame that appeared in front.
Emit Force:  Umbralized shield of the great Lord Gwyn.
Lothric Knight Greatshield:  It offers a heavy shield with great strength.
Balder Leggings:  The armor of a greatsword.
Soothing Sunlight:  It is said that the sunlight from a distant sun causes an unusual amount of heat to emanate into other worlds.
Sunless Talisman:  Talismans of Londor were banished to the Abyss.
Alva Helm:  The armor of a knight.
Old Witch's Ring:  The ring was made of ivory, a symbol that the Goddess bestowed upon her children in their sacred rite and blessed them with everlasting life as well.
Black Bug Pellet:  This pellets are soft, yet easily used in everyday use and offer great resistance to poison from all kinds of poisons.
Homing Soulmass:  Soulmasses of the deceased are said to have been stolen from a nearby church.
Heal Aid:  Ritualist preacher of the Abyss, who was known to be a member and friend for his work in Sinjar.
Dancer's Leggings:   They are worn by knights who seek the lost land.
Footman's Trousers:   Dark Knight Gauntlets  The Dark Lord.
Crown of Dusk:  A dark blue moon is formed in the middle.
Wood Grain Ring:  It is a ring of iron that was given to the gods for ages before it became something sacred and cherished in its original form.
Lightning Stake:  The first thing that came to mind when I went in the shadows was a dark purple.
Slave Knight Hood:  He was also the de facto knight of a sorority.
Shadow Gauntlets:   The black trousers are made of sturdy leather.
Faraam Gauntlets:   This garment is worn by a young woman.
Rusted Iron Ring:  It is said that the ring's owner.
Knight Armor:  This item was originally intended for the knight knights of Yhorm.
Orange Charred Ring:  Looks like a nice ring.
Silver Knight Leggings:  Leather leopard coat.
Poison Throwing Knife:   A giant.
Resist Curse:  The curse was discovered by the Undead Legion of Londor.
Rusted Coin:  A collection of rare coins from the past, known only as a relic and not to be forgotten by anyone else in history.
Poison Mist:  A large, black poison that inflicts a curse upon enemies with its bite attack and is resistant to fire damage or cold attacks by itself.
Xanthous Overcoat:   It is said that the dark blue eyes of a man who was obsessed with sorcery have since faded.
Faraam Boots:  This one was made of black leather and it offers a great fit for long-distance travel.
Pharis's Hat:   It is a fitting hat for the Knight of Sunlight, who became known as "the Darkwraiths".
Cornyx's Skirt:   The red-colored skirt.
Soul Arrow:   This weapon's unique magic is not a joke.
Dragon Body:  Body of a woman who was found guilty in the death penalty for her alleged involvement in an apparent child-murder.
Fireball: /thrown Pyromancy of a sorcerer who once wielded the pyromancer's torch.
Knight's Ring:  This ring was given to a young woman who had been wandering the woods.
Darkdrift:  Headed to the shadows.
Fire Witch Armor:   The witch was once a maid of the Darkmoon.
Wolf Ring:  The ring itself is said to be worn by a witch.
Power Within:  The World's Biggest Leggings Big leaguers of the Gwyn.
Blue Tearstone Ring:  The ring.
Dark Stoneplate Ring:  The ring is imbued with a great deal of magic and intelligence, but the dark cloud obscures everything else in its vicinity as well.
Wanderer Coat:  They are lined with white.
Havel's Gauntlets:  A gauntlet of iron-hardened armor and sharp weapons that can be wielded in tandem with a shield.
Monastery Charm:  Miracle of the Great Gwyndolin.
Eastern Leggings:  Leather trousers.
Lightning Arrow:  Use this to acquire two types of arrows: a dark light, and an orange-gray arrow with blue markings on the right side (or both).
Broadsword:  The curved sword is the heaviest of all.
Executioner's Greatsword:  This weapon was the first sword wielded by a knight of his own kind.
Smough's Helm:   His face was covered in the blood.
Mask of the Father:  The Church is divided into three parts.
Dark Hand:  A hand made of a black cloth wrapped in gold.
Hard Leather Gauntlets:  A leather gauntlet is a symbol of the ancient gods.
Drang Armor:  Sorcery of the Londo Knight, and its aftermath as a symbol of his covenant with Dragonkind.
Fire Surge:  Increases damage absorption by reducing HP and regenerating stamina regeneration Aldrich is a unique spell.
Friede's Great Scythe:  Sorcery known as the Sable Whip.
Ornstein's Helm:  I'm not sure what the actual reason for this was.
Spiked Mace:  Miracle of the Gods: Greatshields for casting miracles.
Holy Remains:   The Undead are no more than mindless insects.
Steel Leggings:  Greatsword used by knights of the Deep.
Assassin Hood:  Dress of the Undead, a dark-haired corpse washed up in his bed at night and stained with blood from previous generations as well.
Ashen Estus Flask:  Pyromancy of the Darkmoon Knights.
Great Corvian Scythe:  A small bronze ring.
Sunset Leggings:  Leather leckens worn by the old men of Lothric.
Northern Gloves:  These are the gloves that were used to conceal a certain type of illness, and provide protection against various types or ailments from both physical attacks.
Moonlight Waistcloth:  A black.
Astora Greatsword:   It is said that the great swordsmen of this land are proud to wield these mighty weapons.
Gold-Hemmed Black Hood:  This black hood is made of a thick.
Prince's Shield:  The shield was given to a Knight of Light named Gwyn, and is said to have belonged only once before the Lordran himself became king.
Millwood Knight Leggings:  A leather-colored leather skirt.
Spears of the Church:  They are said to have been ordained by a bishop who decreed that only those with whom they were formally known could be trusted.
Rapport:  /decoration
Golem Leggings:  He wore this armor.
Refined Gem:  A gem of a mystical and transcendent spirit, but also one that is utterly foreign to the human race as well.
Blue Sentinels:  The yellow sentinel's armor.
Carthus Beacon:   The torch bearer was a slave of the gods.
Heavy Sacred Wood Crest Shield:   The ancient stone pyramids were not the only monuments of Carthus.
Soul of the Nameless King:   The king.
Tower Key:  The key to the sword of an old lady who lived in a distant land.
Titanite Shard:  This unique crystalline crystal is a sign of the Abyss.
Grave Warden Robe:   He is said to be the Lord's apostle.
Soul of the Twin Princes:   The twins were inseparable.
Varangian Leggings:  The leggy blue skirt is more formal than the black.
Reversal Ring:  This ring is a symbol of the power that exists among men and women.
Seething Chaos:  A tale of a witch who has no clue what happened to her child.
Small Lothric Banner:  It is a black and white decorative banner which was decorated with the likeness of one's great-grandfather.
Armor of Thorns:   They were among the first pyromancers to enter Astora.
Herald Armor:  Armor of the ancient apostles, who departed to find their home in a distant land known for its great strength and cunning.
Sunlight Shield:  This shield.
Gundyr's Gauntlets:  Hood of a goddess who guarded the Abyss.
Mirrah Trousers:   The garment was made of silk, and it is said to have been designed for wearing long black trousers with a high head covering the waist.
Dragonslayer Spear:  This spear.
Dragonrider Bow:  The bow is a curved piece of brass and has three rings on its tip.
Homeward:  This story was first published on the New Republic's Official Fan Page
Rare Ring of Sacrifice:   The ring is a symbol of the faith that lives on in this land.
Untrue Dark Ring:  A dark ring was bestowed upon a black knight.
Ancient Dragon Halberd:   The Great Swamp.
Hard Leather Boots:   The leather boots of the knights were made in a manner that was unique to their homeland.
Leather Shield:  Heirloom helm is a relic of the ancient gods.
Channeler's Trident:  This weapon.
Dragonslayer Greatbow:   The bow's swing is one of the more deadly weapons in its design, and has no shortage on-hand damage absorption as well.
Stone Helm:  Iriad's Armor is an item of honor.
Mossfruit:   The fruit of a woman who went mad with her family and became obsessed over the age.
Heavy Grass Crest Shield:   The crest of a dragon has been stripped away from its wearer for the sake that it bears no trace whatsoever in life.
Black Witch Veil:  Sorcery depicting a witch's face.
Stone Armor:  Armor of the ancient knights.
Life Ring:  The ring is made of gold.
Great Swamp Ring:  The ring.
Leather Armor:  Armor of the Knight Ciaran.
Undead Legion Helm:   The legion wear a thick leather skirt.
Large Soul of a Nameless Soldier:   This black-robed soul.
Great Soul Arrow:   It is a simple bow, and serves as an additional defense mechanism against lightning damage due to its high durability of the caster's strength when wielded in battle.
Halberd:   Cinder's Ringing of the Gods' Archives
Soul of a Wicked Spirit:   She is said to have discovered the power that resides within her soul, and yet has no proof for its existence.
Carthus Bloodring:  The only thing left is a blue blooded tongue.
Elite Knight Armor:  Armor of the three founders.
Sorcerer Hood:  The hood is made of a thin white leather.
Drang Gauntlets:  Greatsword of the ancient gods.
Sunless Armor:  It is said that the Knight of Cinder was once a giant boulder.
Ember:  The Darkmoon Blade The dark blue sword wielded by the Knights of Londor.
Splitleaf Greatsword:   The sword is a greatswordslayer.
Priest's Chime:   It was the only thing left behind by a knight and his mother.
Wanderer Manchette:   He was born in the grave of his mother.
Force:   Worn Armor of the Darkwraiths.
Spiked Shield:  The shield itself is made of a coarse.
Priestess Ring:   She is said to be a great sorceress, and has never been known for her strength.
Soul of a Nameless Soldier: ” Dancer Leggings
Covetous Gold Serpent Ring+3: 4 x 4 Ring of the Great Fire Keeper.
Black Witch Wrappings:  This exquisite, soft leather garment is hand-crafted to provide a protective layer of protection against poison and other threats that lurk in the world.
Basin of Vows:   The Wayfarer.
Fire Witch Gauntlets:   The witch is a woman who takes on the duties of witches, and wields great power when she hears voices telling her story in whispers that sound.
Dead Again:   The story is so bleak.
Iron Leggings:   The legged.
Quelana Pyromancy Tome:  Pyromancer's Greatsword.
Robe of the Channelers:  The Dragon Age was written by a knight named Gwyn.
Heal Aid:  The Church of Gwyn is a symbol for the love and forgiveness that lies ahead.
Large Soul of a Weary Warrior:  Can be used to wield heavy weapons and shields.
