Generated descriptions on distilgpt2 no finetune:
Ring of Blind Ghosts:  “I am a young man and I want to help you find your way through the world, but that is all for now.
Black Knight Gauntlets:  The Great Sword is a rare sword that can be used to defeat the enemies of otherworldly gods or deities in battle.
Knight Gauntlets:  The Greatsword of the Lord has been an ancient sword known as The Shield.
Pale Shade Gloves:  The Glaze is a black or grey light blue color with bright purple and gold accents, white stripes on the top of them.
Ornstein's Gauntlets:  "Greetings.
Pale Pine Resin:  The study also found that the average white male is about 2 percent less likely to be diagnosed with cancer than a black person.
Heavy Short Bow:  The bow is a large wooden string that can be used to hold the arrowhead and trigger.
Winged Knight Helm:  I'm not sure why I need to give up on this.
Scholar's Shed Skin:  We all have skin problems.
Estus Flask:  It‬s a very simple.
Northern Helm:  It is not just about the quality of life.
Follower Javelin:  The Lord of the Rings has come to me.
Ringed Knight Armor:  The Dragon of the Abyss is a legendary creature that has been on an endless path to defeat.
Xanthous Gloves:  A little less than a year ago.
Fire Keeper Skirt:  In the meantime.
Elite Knight Gauntlets:  The sword of the demon.
Cinders of a Lord: ” "And I'm so sorry, you're just asking me to help us in this way.
Alluring Skull:  I'm sure the most important part of this is that you're a lot more than just an actor and I think it's really fun to work with people
Soul of Slave Knight Gael:  The name, or character's surname.
Heavy Soul Arrow:  The Dark Knight is a classic.
Great Heal Excerpt:  In a letter sent on March 10, 2008 to John F. Kennedy Jr.
Yorshka's Spear:  A black-and–white sword with a dark.
Large Soul of a Deserted Corpse:  The following list is based on the last listed book in our database.
Wolf's Blood Swordgrass:  The game is a 2D-rendered dungeon crawler that you can explore with your friends and enemies in the background.
Pendant:  The following are the two images that were taken in this film:  I'm looking forward to seeing more of my friends.
No Travel Gear / Arms: com/Shoe-in-the-Box The first issue of the magazine has been released.
Great Chaos Fire Orb:  The next one is a very small version of the old "Grimm" build.
Emit Force:  The game's creators have made it their goal to release a new and improved version of the engine that is still in development.
Lothric Knight Greatshield:  The Stormbringer is a powerful.
Balder Leggings:  The official announcement of the launch has been made in a news release by The New York Times.
Soothing Sunlight:  I’ve been to the gym and now I feel like it's time to go back in my life where we have a lot of fun
Sunless Talisman:  The two can be viewed in a few different ways: The first is the ability to play as an Arunculus.
Alva Helm:  The author of this article is a retired military intelligence officer and the head of an international security consulting firm, The United States Defense Force (USDF).
Old Witch's Ring:  "The Wizard of the Forest is a magical relic from an ancient kingdom.
Black Bug Pellet:  A new version of the bug-free update is being released.
Homing Soulmass:  As a whole, I'm just excited to share this with you! If we don't get enough of it (I mean…).
Heal Aid: ” This post was originally published on The Conversation, an international news service providing critical commentary and analysis about race, religion.
Dancer's Leggings:  The Dark Tower is a game about the role of your own soul.
Footman's Trousers:  In addition to the use of a heavy metal belt.
Crown of Dusk:  The second edition is available for the first time at https://www:fantasy-bookshop.
Wood Grain Ring:  The ring is the main ingredient in a variety of grain rings and will be used for many other purposes including handwashing, cleaning.
Lightning Stake:  This is a recipe for your next meal with some great ingredients.
Slave Knight Hood:  The following is a list of the most commonly worn hoods in North America and its related items.
Shadow Gauntlets:  Gauntlet of the Ancients is a set of new features.
Faraam Gauntlets:  The second tier of the RuneScape and Runescape is a very special item.
Rusted Iron Ring:  The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind (D-Eldor) is the third in a series of games to feature "Iron Rings" as its
Knight Armor:  The armor.
Orange Charred Ring:  The Red Arrow, a new colorway for the upcoming Season 5 finale of The CW series "Supergirl.
Silver Knight Leggings:  "I think we've done a lot of work to make sure that this is something like our own," he said.
Poison Throwing Knife:  The first thing you want to do is use the following methods: (1) Add a method that uses either of these two types of weapons.
Resist Curse:  The most important thing to do is go with the usual set of colors: blue.
Rusted Coin:  This week.
Poison Mist:  ※  The first thing I noticed was that the game is fairly simple and very easy to use (especially if you have a few people who are actually
Xanthous Overcoat: com The top 20 best coats of color in the world! Check out our selection of colors and styles for a great look at these shades.
Faraam Boots:  I am sorry for the inconvenience caused by this item and I would like to thank you all who have donated their time since it was released.
Pharis's Hat:  I'm not saying that the game is dead.
Cornyx's Skirt:  I was playing a game with my friend at the time.
Soul Arrow:  The two characters have been in the same situation for over a decade, and are both very different from each other by design: In this case.
Dragon Body:  The game is a bit different.
Fireball: com/content/uploads/2012/01_19-30-crisis-fuzz-and-rescue...
Knight's Ring:  The Sword of the Night is a very powerful sword.
Darkdrift: com/tweets-in-between The best part about the album is that it‪s a beautiful.
Fire Witch Armor:  "Axe", "Horny's Shield", and "Grimm Stone".  The shield is a combination of two different types.
Wolf Ring:  The first two sets of the show are in a world where there is no need to be afraid about people or groups that can change their minds.
Power Within:  The purpose of this article is to show how a person can help you build your own personal relationships and create lasting friendships with others.
Blue Tearstone Ring:  A large ring of fire.
Dark Stoneplate Ring:  The stone plate is a set of three-handed swords.
Wanderer Coat:  The new coat is a combination of two very different coats.
Havel's Gauntlets:  The first time I saw the ring was when he gave me a small shout from his arm.
Monastery Charm:  The first thing that you should do is to go with the other half of your life: spend some time thinking about what happens when it's over and trying
Eastern Leggings: com/ A photo posted by Tania Wainwright (@tiawainwright) on Dec 12.
Lightning Arrow:  The game is set to be released on October 24, 2016 at 700 PM PST / 4 p.m.
Broadsword: com/featured-karnie-savage-shadly-tried-to-eat-a-new-skateboard The video
Executioner's Greatsword:  The Sword of the Holy Light.
Smough's Helm:  I was very happy with the way it did.
Mask of the Father:  I had a very bad time with my son.
Dark Hand:  The Dark Knight has been a strong performer in the U.
Hard Leather Gauntlets:  The boots of the Dark Knight are an incredibly strong.
Drang Armor: com “The best armor in the world is a shield that protects against damage and can also be used to prevent enemies from using it.
Fire Surge:  The new, faster version of the game is now available for Windows 7 and Mac OS X 10 (Windows 8).
Friede's Great Scythe:  The following is the most important note for all of us.
Ornstein's Helm:  “The new project is a collaboration between the New York City Council and NYC Transit.
Spiked Mace:  I’m going to be there with you.
Holy Remains:  I was just wondering what this guy would do if he got a new job at the office and had his first real-life girlfriend.
Steel Leggings:  In the first game of its kind.
Assassin Hood:  "He was a great guy," said the player.
Ashen Estus Flask:  This is an open source version of the flask.
Great Corvian Scythe:  The corvians are an incredibly powerful.
Sunset Leggings:  The first set of the two sets, and a second one in order to get there on an official release date (which is still not clear).
Northern Gloves: com/2016-12 The Bowery is a beautiful.
Moonlight Waistcloth:  The most popular and often used pattern of embroidery in the UK is for a pair of silk knickers with gold-tinted edges
Astora Greatsword: com The Battle of the Bards - Part 1 (3-6) by John MacLeod.
Gold-Hemmed Black Hood:  A white woman has been charged with a murder and wounding after she shot two black men in the head, police said.
Prince's Shield:  The first half of the season saw an opening goal by Arsenal in a 3-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday night and then Chelsea.
Millwood Knight Leggings:  The Knights are a team of nine teams that has not won the League Cup in 15 years.
Spears of the Church: ” The Bible has a number of teachings on how to make good people happy and why it is important for Christians not to suffer or die from
Rapport:  The last time we saw a single case of an old-fashioned gun was when the man in question had been found dead by his friend.
Golem Leggings:  The first thing you want to do is run your own website or something like that and then just sit down on a sofa in the corner of
Refined Gem:  The most powerful gem is the rubygem-ruby, which can be used to perform a simple command on your Ruby server (using Rails, for example).
Blue Sentinels: com (The P-word) I had a very small budget when I was 12 years old.
Carthus Beacon: com The University of Oregon's "Olympic Games" are a two-week competition between teams from across the country.
Heavy Sacred Wood Crest Shield:  The Firestone Bow of the Gathers is a powerful and versatile weapon that can be used to defend your allies from all kinds on any given
Soul of the Nameless King:  The Black Dragon.
Tower Key:  The key to the ‪-‬ and ETA: A simple.
Titanite Shard:  The last one of the new items is a rare item, which will cost $30 for each (see below).
Grave Warden Robe:  The Guardian, the first ever of a new series to show how we can create and deliver an interactive game that is just as powerful in every sense.
Soul of the Twin Princes:  I can’t wait to see what happens next!
Varangian Leggings: org The site of the first English-language translation by a Norwegian language.
Reversal Ring:  The ring.
Seething Chaos:  The Lord of the Rings: The Old World is a series of novels and stories written by authors.
Small Lothric Banner:  A simple and easy-to use.
Armor of Thorns:  This is a non-starter in my opinion.
Herald Armor:  This weapon is a combination of armor and light, with the ability to fire an extra round for 1 turn (1d4 + 2).
Sunlight Shield:  The Light Strip will be replaced by a light-shield with an alternative color scheme to match the current power of its original shield:
Gundyr's Gauntlets:  The Gauntlet.
Mirrah Trousers: › The first of the three.
Dragonslayer Spear:  A number of things are needed to make a giant spear that can hold the weight off your shoulders or head with only one hand.
Dragonrider Bow:  The new version of the bow is also available on Steam and will be a complete overhaul for those who are using it to upgrade their current equipment or build up
Homeward:  The first time I had seen this.
Rare Ring of Sacrifice:  The first part was a lot like it did in the second game.
Untrue Dark Ring:  I’m not sure why I think this is so bad.
Ancient Dragon Halberd:  The story was told in the second chapter of Book I: A Story Of An Imperial Battle at a World War Two-era war.
Hard Leather Boots:  The Best of Us is a unique and dedicated resource for our customers who have been through hard times in the past year or so.
Leather Shield:  It's a great deal to have that option on your list for every single season of the NHL.
Channeler's Trident:  A lot of people are still unaware that the nuclear weapons and their technology have been used for a long time.
Dragonslayer Greatbow:  I have a small but very impressive list of links in my collection.
Stone Helm:  The helmet is a metal-type type of armor with an overall width between 1 cm and 4 inches (2 centimeters).
Mossfruit: com/index.php?title=Warnings&content=4 The main thread is the last part of this post.
Heavy Grass Crest Shield:  The armor of the Blacksmiths and Silver Dragon Knights is completely redesigned to fit into a wide range.
Black Witch Veil:  The White Knight is a powerful and well-rounded sword that can be used to bring down foes in the dark.
Stone Armor:  The new version of the game will also have a ‍:E​-M (or.
Life Ring:  The world is a vast.
Great Swamp Ring:  The ring was worn by the Gogoro.
Leather Armor:  The other armor in the group are: The Shield of Maelstrom.
Undead Legion Helm:  The second set of armor is a helmet worn by the Darksmen, and an alternate outfit used for their respective adventures in Dragon Age: Inquisition.
Large Soul of a Nameless Soldier:  He's the one who killed all that was left to die.
Great Soul Arrow:  The new Flash is a big one and the most important character in this series.
Halberd: com The US Department of Justice is working with the International Criminal Court in Washington, D-C.
Soul of a Wicked Spirit:  The only thing that matters to me is how much I love my life and everything about it.
Carthus Bloodring: com/TheRivalBlood This is a pretty nice and good looking version of the Blackberry based on Apple‍s iPad.
Elite Knight Armor:  The main weapon in the game is a Shield and an Iron Dagger.
Sorcerer Hood:  This is a game I wanted to try for myself and not have too much time with the new characters.
Drang Gauntlets:  It's not just a blacksmith but an old man with blue eyes and long.
Sunless Armor:  ※DETAILS: All of the pieces are covered in a white.
Ember: net.
Splitleaf Greatsword:  The following weapons are from the game: The Glorious Sword (also known as a weapon.
Priest's Chime:  It was a very difficult time to win the tournament and so I decided not go ahead with it at all.
Wanderer Manchette:  The world’s most popular film.
Force: com/articles/2017/05-01_theory%20of+lithium_10 The world's oldest nuclear weapons.
Spiked Shield:  The first time I’m ever done this.
Priestess Ring:  This ring contains a total of 13 unique rings in the original game.
Soul of a Nameless Soldier:  The first time I saw this in my mind.
Covetous Gold Serpent Ring+3: 5/4 The other item.
Black Witch Wrappings:  This is a deck that you can play in to build up your decks and also gives me lots of fun when I have the time for it.
Basin of Vows:  The following are some examples:
Fire Witch Gauntlets:  I‣Wanted to be able.
Dead Again:  The last of these is when I had a good time with my new wife.
Iron Leggings:  The following is a transcript of the conversation:
Quelana Pyromancy Tome:  A book of the same name.
Robe of the Channelers: ‬ The first episode is about a mysterious woman who was abducted by an unknown man in December.
Heal Aid: ” The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) said it would no longer use the term “loyalty in relation to any other activity that may involve
Large Soul of a Weary Warrior:  I had been waiting for my first game.
