Generated descriptions on distilgpt2+finetune:
Ring of Blind Ghosts: Miracle of a sorcerer. Greatly restores HP.  This miracle of a sorcerer is said to have been a catalyst for the creation of a great many.
Black Knight Gauntlets: Gauntlets worn by a black knight.  The black knight wore this black gauntlet in the beginning, but was stripped of his black cloth.
Knight Gauntlets: Gauntlets of a knight known for his prowess in weaving.
Pale Shade Gloves: Gloves worn by the Pale Knight Knights of Izalith.  Their attire is heavily embroidered with pigmentation, and offer excellent protection against frostbite.
Ornstein's Gauntlets: Gauntlets of the Ornstein family, imbued with the strength of a giant worm.
Pale Pine Resin: A Pine Resin, made of pine resin, used in the resin infusion.  Pine resin is a mineral resin that is brittle and brittle.
Heavy Short Bow: Barrow that serves as a blunt weapon. Heavy bows inflict heavy damage, but can also be used in tandem to inflict heavy damage.
Winged Knight Helm: Helm worn by the Winged Knights of Izalith, the goddess of sorcery.
Scholar's Shed Skin: Skulls of the knight-in-arms who served the Knights of the Deep.
Estus Flask: Miracle used by the Archbishop of Lothric, who studied at the Cathedral of the Deep.
Northern Helm: Helm worn by the knights of the Great Swamp, who formed a legion of knights to guard the Great Swamp.
Follower Javelin: A curious piece of twisted stone.  The first piece of twisted stone was a thin cloth, perhaps from the days of the Darkmoon.
Ringed Knight Armor: Armor of the First Undead. was the first Undead to be killed in battle, and the first Undead to have the means of surviving.
Xanthous Gloves: Helm of the Darkwraiths, who sought the blue eye.  Xanthous has been known to have been fascinated by the darkness of the Abyss.
Fire Keeper Skirt: Skirt worn by Fire Keeper Skirt-makers.  The flame Keeper Skirt was intended to help travelers from remote lands.
Elite Knight Gauntlets: Gauntlets of the ancient Knights of the Deep.  The Great Swamp is home to a vast sea of insects, but its inhabitants have a tendency to adapt to new surroundings.
Cinders of a Lord: A series of catalysts of fire.  The catalyst catalysts, like a catalyst, were developed in a deep underground valley known as the Abyss.
Alluring Skull: Large skull of an ancient sorcerer.  The skull was said to be possessed by an ancient sorcerer.
Soul of Slave Knight Gael: Soul of a slave knight.  The soul of a slave knight is greatly strengthened when struck with a soul.  The soul of a slave knight is greatly strengthened when struck with
Heavy Soul Arrow: Soul arrow wielded by the Undead Legion of Sunlight.  The fire giant of the flame, and its twisted blades.
Great Heal Excerpt: A miracle bestowed upon a warrior knight, the Great Seal.
Yorshka's Spear: An arrow engraved with Yorshka's spear.  Yorshka, the First Lord, has vowed to build a shrine of dragons.
Large Soul of a Deserted Corpse: Soul of a Deserted Corpse.  Creates a tremendous amount of soul.
Wolf's Blood Swordgrass: Greatsword of the Blacksmith's Knights.  The wolf blood swordgrass is said to have been the reason for the purple-tipped blade.
Pendant: A pair of pendant worn by the knight Knight Pontiff Leopold, and worn by the Princess of the Deep.
No Travel Gear / Arms: Armor of the noble Leo, the son of the great Lord Lothric, who sent the knights to serve Lothric.
Great Chaos Fire Orb: Great Chaos Fire Orb, a great Chaos Fire Orb.  Fires a great Chaos Fire Orb.  Great Chaos Fire Orb.
Emit Force: Power of the Emit Force.  The Emit Force is an ancient sorcery of the ancient land of Anor Londo.
Lothric Knight Greatshield: Greatshield wielded by a lothric knight.It is said that it is said that the knights of Lothric were driven by fear and envy.
Balder Leggings: Leggings of a knight, steeped in strength.  The leggings of a knight are particularly effective against magic.
Soothing Sunlight: Sunlight which helps to illuminate the moon.  The moon is a symbol of the gods, and the sun is the source of all the horrors of creation.
Sunless Talisman: An ancient talisman of ancient gods.  Increases attack by piercing arrows.  Increases attack by piercing arrows.
Alva Helm: Helm worn by those in the Alva Valley.  The golden helm is said to have been blessed by the Gods.
Old Witch's Ring: Ring worn by the old witch who departed the land.  When the gods left the land, they forsook their gods, but did so by devouring them.
Black Bug Pellet: Pyromancy taught by the sorcerer Oceiros.  The pyromancy taught by Oceiros was taught by the sorcerer Oceiros.
Homing Soulmass: Soulmass of a wandering soulmass.  The souls of the wandering souls were common in the home of the gods, but were banished from the deep within.
Heal Aid: Art of a soul, a gift bestowed upon all souls.  Can be used to induce magic attacks, and is used to boost HP.
Dancer's Leggings: Leggings of a sorcerer, and a symbol of the Darkwraiths.
Footman's Trousers: Trousers worn by footmen.  The footmen wore tattered trousers, their black trousers and a dark.
Crown of Dusk: Miracle of Dusk. The old moon was an ancient land, but its use was, and remains, forgotten.
Wood Grain Ring: Miracle given to the Gods by an old knight.  only thing left for the Gods is a grain ring.
Lightning Stake: Stake held by a sorcerer in the Abyss.  One of the most common weapons in the Abyss, the miracle of which is a miracle.
Slave Knight Hood: Hood worn by a knight knight in the Outland.  The black hood is made of a patch of leather, and is the first thing to say to a knight.
Shadow Gauntlets: Gauntlets of the Shadowwraiths, who were known to stalk the Abyss.
Faraam Gauntlets: Gauntlets of the bonfire goddess Carthus.  Gauntlets of the bonfire goddess Carthus were once believed to have belonged to a maiden.
Rusted Iron Ring: Ring worn by clerics of the Great Swamp, a land of legends.
Knight Armor: Armor of the Knights of Sunlight.This leather-covered armor is light, light and well-crafted.
Orange Charred Ring: Ring worn by a paratrooper who fell ill with a stray spear.
Silver Knight Leggings: Leggings worn by the Silver Knights of Vinheim, the oldest of the Church of the Deep.
Poison Throwing Knife: A poisonous poison.   Poison can be used by slashing foes, and this is the only poison in the vicinity.
Resist Curse: The curse is a curse that prevents the caster from casting a spell.  When the caster casts a spell, the caster casts the curse.
Rusted Coin: A coin of gold, belonging to the Countless Knights of Izalith.The gold itself was wrapped in gold and then twisted in a gurney.
Poison Mist: A poison mist that is so poisonous that it causes frostbite.  Poison mist is poisonous, but it is also poisonous.
Xanthous Overcoat: Umbral overcoat of the gods, and used in ritualistic rituals.  Xanthous is a black cloth.
Faraam Boots: A pair of boots made of black silk.  The black fabric is made of silk, but is rather soft and soft.
Pharis's Hat: Hat worn by the sage, the former king of Irithyll, who later became king.
Cornyx's Skirt: One of the few pieces of fabric worn by the Cornyx family, the last of whom was Princess Sable.
Soul Arrow: Soul arrow used by the Undead Legion.  Use to acquire souls from the Abyss to extract souls.
Dragon Body: Pyromancy of the dragon-crested king of Anor Londo.  Dragon body was used in the first Age, and even after this.
Fireball: A spell of fireball. Fires a fireball that explodes.The fireball, which explodes with the impact of a fireball, is a symbol of fire.
Knight's Ring: Ring given to the knights of the Ring of White.
Darkdrift: A dagger made of iron.  A dagger made of iron.
Fire Witch Armor: Armor of a witch.  The fire witch's garb is white, with a smidgen of flame.  The witch wore a black hood and dark trousers.
Wolf Ring: Ring granted to fallen warriors of the Great Swamp.  This ring grants the wearer the ability to transform into a wolf.
Power Within: Power within a white body.This power is to be harnessed with a large amount of power.
Blue Tearstone Ring: A blue tearstone ring worn by Knights of Sunlight.  This blue-colored ring is a symbol of the power of the Sun.
Dark Stoneplate Ring: Ring given to the knight of Darkmoon, the Darkwraiths.  The Darkwraiths were known to be the lightest sorcerers.
Wanderer Coat: Coated coat worn by the Wandserer Knights, who were known for their love of the old gods.
Havel's Gauntlets: Gauntlets of Havel's Gauntlets. They offer high durability, and are one of the few items to offer great protection against cold.
Monastery Charm: Miracle used by the sorcerers of the Farron Archive.  The sorcerers of the Farron Archive are known for their mastery of magic.
Eastern Leggings: Gloves of the Eastern Leggings.  The Eastern Leggings are known for their heavy armor.
Lightning Arrow: An arrow of lightning used by hunters of the Abyss.  Fires arrows to inflict light damage.  The arrows inflict lightning damage, but are not intended for use in battle.
Broadsword: Sword wielded by a giant wooden sword.  Use to thrust a greatsword into a wide range of enemies.  Use to break enemies and land more easily.
Executioner's Greatsword: Greatsword wielded by executioner's greatswords.  The Executioner of Yhorm the Great, and his warriors.
Smough's Helm: A fine, sturdy helm with a coarse grain of sand.A fine, sturdy helm with a coarse grain of sand.
Mask of the Father: Mask of the Father of the Witch of Izalith.  Izalith is said to have been the daughter of a sorcerer. and was the daughter of a sorcerer.
Dark Hand: The hand of a dark hand.  Crafted to be a vessel for souls, but for the soul, the soul was tainted by an evil soul.
Hard Leather Gauntlets: Gauntlets worn by thieves.  They offer high resistance to fire, which is why thieves are known to be very adept at deflecting blows.
Drang Armor: Armor of the Drang Legion of the Abyss.  The Drang Legion is a collection of rare souls.
Fire Surge: Pyromancy used by a sorcerer to create a strong infusion of flame.  When a sorcerer casts a spell, the caster will automatically learn Fire Surge.
Friede's Great Scythe: Miracle of Friede, daughter of the great sorcerer Anor Londo.Friede was born a goddess of miracles, and was known for her miracles.
Ornstein's Helm: Helm worn by Ornstein's knights.  They claim to be the first of the three knightmen to wear a helm.
Spiked Mace: Mace of the Darkmoon Knights.  One of the oldest swords in the Undead Settlement.
Holy Remains: A miracle of the gods, but a temporary miracle which restores HP.  The gods themselves fear magic.
Steel Leggings: Leggings of the Steel Leggings, also known as the Great Gauntlets, are among the treasures found in the Darkmoon.
Assassin Hood: Helm worn by assassins.  The black hood of the assassins is more formal than ordinary attire, and offers more protection than ordinary cloth.
Ashen Estus Flask: A flask made of a thick crystallized substance.  The strength of this infusion depends heavily on the strength of the infusion.
Great Corvian Scythe: Miracle taught by the Great Lord.  This great sword is a great weapon, and as such, the blade is the same as the caster's sword.
Sunset Leggings: Leggings of a wolf, steeped in strength.  They are prized by hunters, and are prized by hunters.
Northern Gloves: Worn by the Lord's Apostle.  Give to the holy apostle to grant oneself the strength to wield a broadsword.
Moonlight Waistcloth: Waistcloth worn by a maid who is fond of the moon.  They are worn by maidens who are concerned about the curse that is emanating from the vicinity.
Astora Greatsword: Greatsword of Astora, Greatshield.  The Greatshield, or Greatshield, is a weapon of high magic, and wields great power.
Gold-Hemmed Black Hood: Hood of a gold-hued black hood, featuring an onion-like surface.  The hood is made of metal and is slightly thick, making it quite heavy.
Prince's Shield: A shield of the dragon King Gwyn.  The Prince's shield, the royal crest, was engraved with the name Prince Gwyn.
Millwood Knight Leggings: Leggings of Millwood Knights. The crest of the Millwood Knights, the most celebrated knights of the past, is decorated with the gold.
Spears of the Church: Spears of the Church of the Sunless Realms.  The Church of Sunless Realms was founded in the Age of Fire, and shares a great many tales.
Rapport: Rapport that was used to inflict bleeding upon enemies.   The Undead Legion, the most notorious of the Undead Legion.
Golem Leggings: Leggings of a leggings who are commonly worn by the royal family.
Refined Gem: A gem of the ancient Gem of the Gwyndolin, the first of the Three Pillars.
Blue Sentinels: A sentinels of the Deep.  They are said to be the descendants of the Way of White. and are said to be the descendants of the Way of White.
Carthus Beacon: A golden dragon-shaped torch.  It is said to have been developed by Carthus, the daughter of the Carthus family, and its former king.
Heavy Sacred Wood Crest Shield: A curved, straight sword, decorated with sacred crystals.  The crest symbolizes the power of the gods.
Soul of the Nameless King: Soul of the Nameless King, a phantom who was banished from the land of Sin.
Tower Key: Key to the tower of Trowel, the Dragon King.  Trowel is the capital of the Way of White.
Titanite Shard: Miracle of the Carthus of Astora.  A titanite fragment of a titanite, resembling a soul.  Creates flame.
Grave Warden Robe: Robe worn by knights of the grave. It is worn by the grave wardens, and they must be aware of their surroundings.
Soul of the Twin Princes: Soul of the Twin Princes.  The twin princes were born in the Great Swamp, but were turned into mere royalty.
Varangian Leggings: Leggings of Varangians, the dark blue dragons, and descendants of the ancient Dragonslayer King Havel the Great.
Reversal Ring: Ring of the ancient dragon Lord Carla. Reinforces right weapon and shield, and restores HP.
Seething Chaos: A series of hexes that inflict chaos.  Chaos is said to have been created by the Darkwraiths, and was intended for use by Chaos Knights.
Small Lothric Banner: Large, round, large silver chime.  It is said that the Great Serpent King's battleaxe is more powerful than the giant chime, which inflicts damage.
Armor of Thorns: Armor of the Thorns, who sought the forgiveness of the Undead.
Herald Armor: Attire of a knight in the Darkmoon.  Increases armor by reducing HP.
Sunlight Shield: Miracle of the Sunless King, Lord of the Rings.  This is a miracle bestowed upon the Princess of Sunlight.
Gundyr's Gauntlets: Gundyr's Gauntlets are made of thick leather and are intended for those who have difficulty controlling their surroundings.
Mirrah Trousers: Trousers worn by sorcerers of Izalith.  Mirrah is said to be a symbol of the ancient miracles of the Abyss.
Dragonslayer Spear: An extremely powerful spear.  It is said that it is said that it is said that the knights of Carim, who were sent to the Abyss.
Dragonrider Bow: A bow made from a stone.The dragonrider bow, which is tough enough to wield, is a rare weapon in the world of Dragonlance.
Homeward: Homeward of the Great Swamp, home to a large, swampy swamp.
Rare Ring of Sacrifice: Rings of the blessed Ring of Sacrifice, bestowed upon the souls of an ancient hero.  The rusted black rings grant a slight boost to HP.
Untrue Dark Ring: Ring bestowed upon a soul.  The soul of a sorcerer who was sent to the Abyss by a certain sorcerer, but who has since returned to the Abyss.
Ancient Dragon Halberd: Halberd that was once the holy flame.  The divine dragon was an ally of the gods, and since the gods were two gods.
Hard Leather Boots: Hard leather boots made of heavy metal. They are surprisingly light and light.
Leather Shield: A spear of the sacred Leather Shield.  This shield is imbued with the strength of a greatsword, and requires constant use.
Channeler's Trident: Miracle of a certain sorcerer, who was once a Knight of Cinder.
Dragonslayer Greatbow: Greatbow made of thick iron.  Greatbow is a simple, effective tool for traveling with dragons.
Stone Helm: Stone shield of the Boreal Valley of White.This armor is worn by the king of Sinewith, and is imbued with magic.
Mossfruit: Mossfruit, or poison seed, is said to have been the root of a poison seed.
Heavy Grass Crest Shield: Miracle given to the Darkwraiths of Anor Londo.  The crest of the Darkwraiths was once the symbol of a dragon.
Black Witch Veil: Tinched with a veil of a black witch.   The black witch was once a witch of the Church of Gwyn.
Stone Armor: Armor of the great Ironlayer, who wielded the mighty sword of the Gods.
Life Ring: A ring given to an old friend who is said to have been killed by a madman.
Great Swamp Ring: Ring worn by the great Swamp Guardians.  This ring is of great significance to the Guardians, and perhaps best served by their attire.
Leather Armor: Armor of the great knights of the Way of White.
Undead Legion Helm: Helm worn by Undead Legion Knights. strong martial arts, and their outstanding intelligence.
Large Soul of a Nameless Soldier: Soul of a Nameless Soldier.  Increases attack and recovery speed.
Great Soul Arrow: Great soul arrow.Greatly restores HP for oneself.Increases HP by restoring HP.
Halberd: Halberd made from a dense, hard-scaled substance.  The halberd is thick and heavy.
Soul of a Wicked Spirit: Soul of a Wicked Spirit.  Used to be a symbol of a true king, but it is lost to the Witch of Izalith.
Carthus Bloodring: Bloodring of the Carthus Bloodring, a descendant of the gods, who were defeated by the gods.
Elite Knight Armor: Armor of the ancient Knights of Sunlight.  This armor is light, but it is brittle and brittle.  This armor is light and it is brittle.
Sorcerer Hood: Hood of a sorcerer who is said to have given birth to a child.
Drang Gauntlets: Gauntlets of a large, dark-skinned dragon.The black gauntlets are shaped like iron gauntlets, and provide excellent resistance to the blows of impact.
Sunless Armor: Sunless armor worn by the Sunless Knights.  The warriors of Sunless were known for their steadfast faith in nature, for even the smallest of things.
Ember: A purple patchwork of rosewood that is stained with poison.
Splitleaf Greatsword: Greatsword made from coarse, soft cloth.  The blade is said to be the heaviest of all.
Priest's Chime: Chime used by priests in the Cathedral of the Deep.The priests were obsessed with gold, and used it to create items for worship.
Wanderer Manchette: Manchette of the Grand Archives, a relic of the great sage.
Force: Greatly effective weapon.  The Force of Light is the most powerful weapon of its kind, but is easily destroyed.
Spiked Shield: A shield imbued with a strong affinity for magic.  The wearer is greatly resistant to magic, and can only use one shield.
Priestess Ring: Ring of a trusted friend, and its wearer's intelligence.  The ring is made from a soft metal with a secret power that allows it to escape detection.
Soul of a Nameless Soldier: Soul of a Nameless Soldier.  A Soul of a Nameless Soldier, whose soul is apparently buried deep inside the corpse.
Covetous Gold Serpent Ring+3: Greatly imbued with a poison that dissolves when killed.  The serpent serpent serpent is said to have devoured the cathedral.
Black Witch Wrappings: Wrappings of a black witch. black witch, a descendant of the Darkwraiths, became a warrior and her soul was sealed in a black seal.
Basin of Vows: A twisted, twisted and twisted form of sorcery.  The twisted form of sorcery, which is common in the old land.
Fire Witch Gauntlets: Gauntlets of the Fire Witch.One of the things that makes this miracle possible.
Dead Again: This handcrafted bronze shield features a large curved blade.This handcrafted bronze shield features a large curved blade.
Iron Leggings: Leggings of Iron Leggings.  Their thin metal armor offers protection from fire, but is quite heavy in weight.
Quelana Pyromancy Tome: Pyromancy taught by Quelana, a sorceress.  Quelana taught the sorcerers of Londo, the land of Londo.
Robe of the Channelers: Robe of the Channelers, the oldest vessel in the Channel.  A large proportion of the vessels in the Channel were equipped with iron and iron.
Heal Aid: This was a great weapon of choice for knights of the Hollowed homeland, and this one was surely the catalyst for a great many battles.
Large Soul of a Weary Warrior: Soul of a Weary Warrior, a knight of the Three Realms.
